README.md, before:


# Moofuslist 📍
#### An AI-powered application that provides a list of places to go and things to do for any city in the United States.
#### Loading of the cells is a little slow due to data coming from Apple Intelligence
#### Data contains hallucinations due to data coming from Apple Intelligence

### 🏛️ Project Purpose & Design Philosophy
#### This project was built to demonstrate my specific approach to how iOS software applications should be designed and implemented. It prioritizes a clean design to ensure the app is:
* Easy to understand.
* Easily maintainable.
* Highly scalable.

### 🛠️ Technical Stack
#### This application leverages the latest Apple frameworks to provide a modern, high-performance user experience.
**Feature**:        **Technology**          **Implement Detail**
- UI Framework:     SwiftUI	            Used for all UI elements to ensure a declarative and responsive interface.
- AI Integration:   Apple Intelligence  Leveraged to intelligently retrieve activities for the user.
- Concurrency:      Swift Concurrency	  Implemented in place of Combine for modern, efficient asynchronous code.
- Persistence:      SwiftData	          Utilized as the primary data storage solution.
- Communication:    AsyncStreams	      Used for sending messages throughout the application.
- Location:         Core Location	      Used for retrieving the user's current location.
- Mapping:          MapKit	            MK methods are utilized for various geocoding requests.

### 🏛️ Architectural Overview
#### The architecture of Moofuslist is built to demonstrate a modern, decoupled approach to iOS development. By moving away from legacy patterns, the project achieves a high degree of testability and scalability.
**✨ Key Features**
+ AI-Curated Discovery: Automatically gathers high-quality recommendations for any city in the U.S. using Apple Intelligence.
+ Modern Data Handling: Uses SwiftData and AsyncStreams for seamless data flow and storage.
+ Contextual Awareness: Integrates Core Location and MapKit to provide relevant, location-based information.
+ Architectural Excellence: Designed with a focus on code readability and long-term maintenance.

### 📸 Screenshots
<img width="262" height="500" alt="Screenshot1 2026-01-30 at 10 39 42 AM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/0a7fbe61-43b2-493b-8e9c-aed7b58b7455" />
<img width="262" height="500" alt="Screenshot2 2026-01-30 at 10 39 54 AM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/93305547-379f-45cb-b924-7f193c9b06ed" />
<img width="262" height="500" alt="Screen3 2026-02-23 at 10 39 59 AM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/48ae78e0-5e0a-4f4e-98ed-44ba6c67a7b3" />
<img width="262" height="500" alt="Screen4 2026-02-23 at 4 31 46 PM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/6fb2d9cd-7145-458c-9e45-18adc82185cb" />
<img width="262" height="500" alt="Screen5 2026-02-23 at 4 31 23 PM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b3860917-c791-44be-bd6b-6795f475d458" />
<img width="262" height="500" alt="Screenshot5 2026-01-30 at 10 40 36 AM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c2609e29-18ce-46ac-8a23-8fbfe8db5e78" />

### 🏗️ Requirements & Setup
* iOS 18.0+ (Required for Apple Intelligence and SwiftData features).
* Xcode 16.0+.
* Swift 6.0.
* Clone the repository.
* Open Moofuslist.xcodeproj.
* Build and run on an iOS Simulator or Device.


### 📬 Contact
* Developer: Lamar Williams
* Email: moofusljw@gmail.com
* LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/moofus/

Commit message:

Update README with Testing Framework details
Added Testing Framework to the technical stack section.

README.md, after:


# Moofuslist 📍
#### An AI-powered application that provides a list of places to go and things to do for any city in the United States.
#### Loading of the cells is a little slow due to data coming from Apple Intelligence
#### Data contains hallucinations due to data coming from Apple Intelligence

### 🏛️ Project Purpose & Design Philosophy
#### This project was built to demonstrate my specific approach to how iOS software applications should be designed and implemented. It prioritizes a clean design to ensure the app is:
* Easy to understand.
* Easily maintainable.
* Highly scalable.

### 🛠️ Technical Stack
#### This application leverages the latest Apple frameworks to provide a modern, high-performance user experience.
**Feature**:         **Technology**      **Implement Detail**
- UI Framework:      SwiftUI	           Used for all UI elements to ensure a declarative and responsive interface.
- AI Integration:    Apple Intelligence  Leveraged to intelligently retrieve activities for the user.
- Concurrency:       Swift Concurrency	 Implemented in place of Combine for modern, efficient asynchronous code.
- Persistence:       SwiftData	         Utilized as the primary data storage solution.
- Communication:     AsyncStreams	       Used for sending messages throughout the application.
- Location:          Core Location	     Used for retrieving the user's current location.
- Mapping:           MapKit	             MK methods are utilized for various geocoding requests.
- Testing Framework: Swift Testing       Leveraged Swift Testing to detect logic failures, UI problems, and performance regressions.

### 🏛️ Architectural Overview
#### The architecture of Moofuslist is built to demonstrate a modern, decoupled approach to iOS development. By moving away from legacy patterns, the project achieves a high degree of testability and scalability.
**✨ Key Features**
+ AI-Curated Discovery: Automatically gathers high-quality recommendations for any city in the U.S. using Apple Intelligence.
+ Modern Data Handling: Uses SwiftData and AsyncStreams for seamless data flow and storage.
+ Contextual Awareness: Integrates Core Location and MapKit to provide relevant, location-based information.
+ Architectural Excellence: Designed with a focus on code readability and long-term maintenance.

### 📸 Screenshots
<img width="262" height="500" alt="Screenshot1 2026-01-30 at 10 39 42 AM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/0a7fbe61-43b2-493b-8e9c-aed7b58b7455" />
<img width="262" height="500" alt="Screenshot2 2026-01-30 at 10 39 54 AM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/93305547-379f-45cb-b924-7f193c9b06ed" />
<img width="262" height="500" alt="Screen3 2026-02-23 at 10 39 59 AM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/48ae78e0-5e0a-4f4e-98ed-44ba6c67a7b3" />
<img width="262" height="500" alt="Screen4 2026-02-23 at 4 31 46 PM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/6fb2d9cd-7145-458c-9e45-18adc82185cb" />
<img width="262" height="500" alt="Screen5 2026-02-23 at 4 31 23 PM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b3860917-c791-44be-bd6b-6795f475d458" />
<img width="262" height="500" alt="Screenshot5 2026-01-30 at 10 40 36 AM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c2609e29-18ce-46ac-8a23-8fbfe8db5e78" />

### 🏗️ Requirements & Setup
* iOS 18.0+ (Required for Apple Intelligence and SwiftData features).
* Xcode 16.0+.
* Swift 6.0.
* Clone the repository.
* Open Moofuslist.xcodeproj.
* Build and run on an iOS Simulator or Device.


### 📬 Contact
* Developer: Lamar Williams
* Email: moofusljw@gmail.com
* LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/moofus/
